Hi, guys.
Sorcha.
Now I surely got an error.
And the reason for the error is because I was visiting our version of Gradle that is disabled as what
I.
What I simply did to get rid of that arrow was to reduce backward aversion to the defaults, which is
Sister seven.
So make sure you are so using the same gradle version then that possible errors you might get.
Is the app refusing to install or storage issues.
The reason for that is because Jeff is a very powerful package and requires some more android space
not to get rid of the storage arrows.
All you just have to do is to go to your Android studio, then your NBT, then you're going to need
to locate your hardware emulator.
Then you're going to need to wipe the data.
Okay, now, if for any reasons you can't locate that, you can do so, let me know.
So I make a video for you.
Okay.
Now, in this lecture, what you're going to do is you're going to create a function so that users are
going to be able to click on this and then create a return.
Okay.
Now to do this, first of all, I'm going to go through and be to make this similar, then I'm just
going to collapse this.
Then they're going to create this new fly, they're going to create this file in the controller's folder.
So I will go to sleep.
Then I will go to controllers.
The controllers folder is where we're going to be creating all the functionalities or the logic of our
hub.
Okay.
Now to do this, I'm just going to create a new fly.
And they're going to call this fi jets c underscore controller to station which is dot dot.
Okay.
Now we can use Kaletra and B to make this way in order to always have a wash, more cleaner code.
What we can do is we can wrap everything with the cloth and we can then call this class jet.
See Controller.
Okay.
Now the next step is to create a function.
So now we are going to create a function.
It is going to say void.
Then they're going to call this function create.
Medicine.
They're going to be using the async.
We're going to be using the weight.
If you if you need to use the weight, you need to pass the physical via.
Okay.
Now what?
They're going to do this instead of typing all the calls, we already have it over.
Yeah.
Okay.
This is the way.
So you can easily just copy from this.
Try until this.
Okay.
Coffee and then we can taste.
Right.
Okay.
Now, we can use control handles in order to import the Jets package.
The reasons I can see into that.
Okay.
I'm just going to try to close this.
Five.
The.
Okay.
Save.
That are just going to try to open it again.
Okay.
Control V now will lose control and that's okay for some reasons.
I can't here.
Q Okay, great points.
And this is what I'm trying to dodge.
Okay.
The parts.
Now they're going to get rid of this.
Then we had our semicolon since this is the last set of the Borg print.
We don't have like that in water.
So this is going to be prints, right?
Okay.
Now, it was a surprise.
An additional argument.
Which is known as the room.
That is the name of the room.
So we are going to pass in the room over here.
Then you're going to get what you can see.
This is called my room.
But we are going to automatically generate a room named for the user.
So we're going to get rid of this.
Okay.
Now to make this dynamic, your room name dynamic.
What we can do is over this function are going to use equality brackets.
Then we're going to create a variable called room name.
Later, we're going to pass the name rule name.
Okay.
Now, this is a test and it is a type of word string.
And we can make this required.
So any time we call this creativity function, we need to pass and that value.
Okay, so over here, the pass of the room.
Room name.
Okay, great.
Now.
We don't, actually.
Need the server URL since we don't have.
So we're going to get rid of this as well.
We don't need a subject, so we're going to get rid of this.
Okay.
You can see it is now local sized.
Okay, so now what you're going to do is we're going to get the current user display name, current
user email.
User Avatar and others well before then it is going to solve this.
Now Zoom does not have this audio only future.
So we are going to get rid of this.
And for this to value use that as the audio motor that the video muted.
I'm going to make it more dynamic.
So what we're going to do is we also going to create available so with a give it away.
So this is going to be is.
Ordeal.
Is audio muted?
Okay.
Now, this is a true and false value.
So it is a data type of view.
Right.
Okay.
Now all we can require this required.
Now you can then order.
Truly, Koba is going to be his video.
His widow, Ted.
Okay.
It is the type of boom.
And as well we can required this.
Okay.
Now, I said this.
True.
So we can then make it is.
Is audio muted so whatever past is going to be it's so there's going to be is video.
This video.
Mute it.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is you're going to get the correct user email.
The Current is a just rename and the correct user image that is attached to the Google accounts.
Okay.
Not to do that.
This is going to use control nets to save this first, then release control and B to make the swallow.
Then we're going to go to our hearts controller dead, release control and being able to make this wide.
Now, to get that, I'll just have to say to get the current logged in user.
We are going to create a variable called user.
So what we can do is we can say user.
This is referring to the hot user, right?
So user is going to be user.
Then no function then.
So it's going to be user, then gets user.
They're going to use an error function.
Okay.
Now all we can say is it's variable.
Right.
So let's call arcs.
Dirt cards, user dots.
What?
Okay.
So that's correct.
User.
We just want to get.
Just one property rights.
So if it was just the they would consider, then this.
So they're just going to say that.
So we have access to everything that has to do with that user.
Okay.
So now we have athletes contribute to make this smaller.
We're going to use control s to say this 5/1, then we're going to go to our jet controller.
Okay.
Now, the first thing to do is to.
In order to have access to this user variable called user rights, we need to first of access to the
horse controller.
Right.
Okay.
So now what you can do.
All this class we can.
See.
FINA.
On this score.
Arts culture is beloved, equal to the arts.
What controller?
Okay, now we can give you a type.
It is a type of what?
Ultimate to right.
Well, it's controller.
Okay, great.
Now you can have access to that user.
So we're going to get rid of this is going to be underscore hard control all rights standards.
User.
Okay.
We kind of we have access to the user now.
They're going to see the ads display name.
Okay.
So for this, we're going to get rid of this.
To underscore.
But.
Controller that is going to be dot user and dot email, right?
The email address associated to the Google account.
So now we're going to get rid of this as well.
Right.
So this is going to be on the score.
It's going to be on the score.
Control our standards.
User standards.
Photo URL.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically all we need.
Right.
The first thing we did was to pass or create the rule name for it.
Now, we have not given the rule a name, right?
We said the room name should be whatever regular pass whenever we call this function called create medicine.
So in this lecture they're going to call this function called creates return.
Right.
And over there, we're going to create a dynamic rule named for the user, probably going to generate
a number which we should be able to call what we test as the rule name.
So that's what I was saying for the now we are not positive they will name.
We can basically just say over here.
My room.
Right.
What?
We want to make it more dynamic.
So we have to create a variable hot room right then.
And in this lecture, whenever we call this function, they're going to need to.
Pass the values to this silly fables we have.
That is the room name.
Is audio muted and is video muted?
Right.
Okay.
So this is basically it.
This is how easy it is to create the function in order for users to be able to create meta.
Okay.
So in this lecture, they're going to be able to use this function.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.